Well, back then in the first season, it was surprise and amazement because no other port
does it.
Back then, we were the only port doing it.
So it was complete amazement and surprise.
And especially with the smaller ships, which tend to be American, so obviously customer
service to them is huge.
They couldn't believe that we would all stand out on the port in the all weathers because
we were there in all weathers just to say hi to them, just to welcome them to the, you
know, because we at that point, it was literally they came off the boat.
We said hi, maybe had a little chat with some of them.
They'd get on the coach and go somewhere else.
And then when they came back from the coach, on the coach, we'd be there and how was your
day and have a Welsh cake and bye, thanks for coming.
And they really couldn't get their heads around that we would just be happy to do it.
Now we have a reputation.
People come out on the decks as they're coming into port because word spreads they know they're
going to get the fish girl friendly faces, award winning fish girl friendly faces.
So they come out on the decks to see us.
They come on.
We have a crew come off the ship purely to meet us because all the crews know about fish
God by welcome now and the fish got friendly faces.
And the main thing said all round is you never get a better welcome than you do at fish
God.